Upgrade Website Manager to Technical Manager (#22)
BlackPythonDevs/.maintainers: roles/technical-manager.md

# The Black Python Devs Technical Manager

## Current Role Leader: Oleksis Fraga

> The Black Python Devs Technical Manager is the primary maintainer of the Black Python Devs Website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Black Python Devs Technical Manager is responsible for the social online presence of the Black Python Devs.
```

## Roles and Responsibilities

The role involves understanding and improving the Black Python Devs Website to improve and address the following concerns.

#### Usability

Sections of the website should be easy to use.

#### Readability

The website should use commonly used speech that is accessible to Python Developers of all skill levels. Any jargon should always be defined

#### Accessibility

The website should be accessible to those with vision and motor impairments. This includes all interactions on the site including handling user input.

#### Discoverability

Events and content published to the website should be easy to navigate to and find.

#### Internationalization

The website should be available those choosing to read it in their native language.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role also is responsible for managing the accounts on X, Mastodon, YouTube, and LinkedIn.

This includes managing and moderating. Assigning credentials to those that need it.

Finally, the role includes integrating services with our online communities. This mainly entails managing bots/plugins for our Discord server.
```
